develop: include Django in Python ORM (#14748)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-choose-driver-or-orm.md

### Python ORM frameworks

<SimpleTab>
<div label="Django">

Support level: **Full**

> [Django](https://docs.djangoproject.com/) is a popular Python web framework. To solve the compatibility issue between TiDB and Django, PingCAP has developed an adapter `django-tidb`. Installation instructions can be found in the [`django-tidb` documentation](https://github.com/pingcap/django-tidb#installation-guide).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Django](https://docs.djangoproject.com/) is a popular Python web framework. To solve the compatibility issue between TiDB and Django, PingCAP provides a TiDB dialect `django-tidb`. To install it, you can see the [`django-tidb` documentation](https://github.com/pingcap/django-tidb#installation-guide).
```

For an example of using Django to build a TiDB application, see [Connect to TiDB with Django](/develop/dev-guide-sample-application-python-django.md).

</div>

> <div label="SQLAlchemy">

Reviewer: L300:
```
For an example of using peewee to build a TiDB application, see [Connect to TiDB with peewee](/develop/dev-guide-sample-application-python-peewee.md#step-2-get-the-code).
```
